Because I could read Hebrew and it wasn't a big deal for me except when you're by
Midsford you read from the scrolls in the synagogue and the scrolls don't have
any vowels, commas, full stops, question marks, they don't have anything where you
could change the way you say things and you've got to learn it and you've got to
sing it because each word has a note and you've got to learn the songs and you've
got to know it and I spent a whole year being taught the wrong thing. When they
told me what I've got to learn not only was it that but it was two of them
because that week there are what we call a two sedras, two portions of the law and
I had to learn the two but I only had six weeks to do it where it had taken me
a year to do just one but I did it. When my family came my father was one of
seven brothers and two sisters they were all there except him because he died and
that was my bar Midsford.